#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.42.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
deepl==1.20.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via -r requirements.in
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via langchain-teddynote
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
grpcio==1.69.0
    # via pinecone-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   tavily-python
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via torch
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwipiepy==0.20.3
    # via langchain-teddynote
kiwipiepy-model==0.20.0
    # via kiwipiepy
langchain==0.3.14
    # via langchain-teddynote
langchain-core==0.3.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-teddynote==0.3.41
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.61
    # via langchain-teddynote
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.9
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.48
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.2.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lz4==4.3.3
    # via pinecone-client
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via pinecone-text
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via pinecone-text
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   langchain
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-text
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
olefile==0.47
    # via langchain-teddynote
openai==1.59.3
    # via langchain-teddynote
orjson==3.10.13
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via langchain-teddynote
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   pdf2image
    #   sentence-transformers
pinecone==5.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-client[grpc]==4.1.2
    # via langchain-teddynote
pinecone-plugin-inference==3.1.0
    # via pinecone
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
pinecone-text==0.9.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via pinecone-client
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-text
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via langchain-teddynote
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   deepl
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-text
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.5.0
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tavily-python==0.5.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via tavily-python
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.47.1
    # via sentence-transformers
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via pinecone-text
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wget==3.2
    # via pinecone-text
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
